Ciac 5471 exabeam fetch users (#34900)
demisto/content: Packs/Exabeam/ReleaseNotes/2_4_0.md

#### Mappers

##### Exabeam mapping

Added a mapping for the new incident type: **Exabeam Notable User**.

#### Incident Types

##### New: Exabeam Notable User

New: Created a new incident type for notable users fetched.

##### Exabeam Incident

Added a new layout.

#### Layouts

##### New: Exabeam Incident

Created a new layout for the incident type: **Exabeam Incident**.

##### New: Exabeam Notable User

New: Created a new layout for the incident type: **Exabeam Notable User**.

#### Integrations

##### Exabeam Advanced Analytics

> - Updated the integration to support fetching notable users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the integration to support fetch notable users.
```

- Added the following new parameters:
  - *Fetch Type*.
  - *Max Users Per Fetch*.
  - *Notable Users Fetch Interval*.
  - *Notable Users First Fetch Timestamp*.
  - *Minimum Risk Score To Fetch Users*.

> - Updated the integration previously known as **Exabeam** to now be displayed as **Exabeam Advanced Analytics**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the integration display Name from  **Exabeam** to  **Exabeam Advanced Analytics**.
```

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.14.99865*.

#### Classifiers

##### New: Exabeam Classifier

 Created a new classifier to classify incidents based on the source of the data.

> - If the source is the fetch endpoint `/ir/api/incidents/search`, the incident type will be **Exabeam Incident**.
> - If the source is the new users fetch `/uba/api/users/notable`, the incident type will be **Exabeam Notable User**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the source is the fetch incidents, the incident type will be **Exabeam Incident**.
- If the source is the fetch notable users the incident type will be **Exabeam Notable User**.
```

#### Mappers

##### Exabeam mapping

> - Added a mapping for the new incident type: **Exabeam Notable User**.
> 
> 
> #### Incident Types
> 
> ##### New: Exabeam Notable User
> 
> - New: Created a new incident type for notable users fetched.
> 
> ##### Exabeam Incident
> 
> - Added a new layout.
> 
> 
> #### Layouts
> 
> ##### New: Exabeam Incident
> 
> - New: Created a new layout for the incident type: **Exabeam Incident**.
> 
> ##### New: Exabeam Notable User
> 
> - New: Created a new layout for the incident type: **Exabeam Notable User**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added a mapping for the new incident type: **Exabeam Notable User**.

#### Incident Types

##### New: Exabeam Notable User

New: Created a new incident type for notable users fetched.

##### Exabeam Incident

Added a new layout.

#### Layouts

##### New: Exabeam Incident

New: Created a new layout for the incident type: **Exabeam Incident**.

##### New: Exabeam Notable User

New: Created a new layout for the incident type: **Exabeam Notable User**.
```

#### Integrations

##### Exabeam Advanced Analytics

> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.14.99865*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

- Updated the integration to support fetching notable users.

> - Added a new parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the following new parameters:
```

>   - **Fetch Type**.
>   - **Max Users Per Fetch**.
>   - **Notable Users Fetch Interval**.
>   - **Notable Users First Fetch Timestamp**.
>   - **Minimum Risk Score To Fetch Users**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - *Fetch Type*.
  - *Max Users Per Fetch*.
  - *Notable Users Fetch Interval*.
  - *Notable Users First Fetch Timestamp*.
  - *Minimum Risk Score To Fetch Users*.
```

> - Updated the integration previously known as **Exabeam** will now be displayed as **Exabeam Advanced Analytics**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the integration previously known as **Exabeam** to now be displayed as **Exabeam Advanced Analytics**.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.14.99865*.
```

#### Classifiers

##### New: Exabeam - classifier

> - Created a new classifier to classify incidents based on the source of the data.
>   - If the source is the fetch endpoint `/ir/api/incidents/search`, the incident type will be **Exabeam Incident**.
>   - If the source is the new users fetch `/uba/api/users/notable`, the incident type will be **Exabeam Notable User**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Created a new classifier to classify incidents based on the source of the data.
- If the source is the fetch endpoint `/ir/api/incidents/search`, the incident type will be **Exabeam Incident**.
- If the source is the new users fetch `/uba/api/users/notable`, the incident type will be **Exabeam Notable User**.
```

#### Incident Fields

##### New: Exabeam Average Risk Score

> - Added a new incident field to store the average risk score of a user.
> 
> ##### New: Exabeam Highest Session Login Host
> 
> - Added a new incident field to store the highest session login host of a user.
> 
> ##### New: Exabeam Highest Session Number Of Asset
> 
> - Added a new incident field to store the number of assets in the highest risk session.
> 
> ##### New: Exabeam Highest Session Number Of Reasons
> 
> - Added a new incident field to store the number of reasons in the highest risk session.
> 
> ##### New: Exabeam Last Activity Time
> 
> - Added a new incident field to store the last activity time of a user.
> 
> ##### New: Exabeam Last Activity Type
> 
> - Added a new incident field to store the type of the last activity of a user.
> 
> ##### New: Exabeam Past Scores
> 
> - Added a new incident field to store past risk scores of a user.
> 
> ##### New: Exabeam Session IDs
> 
> - Added a new incident field to store the session IDs of a user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added a new incident field to store the average risk score of a user.

##### New: Exabeam Highest Session Login Host

Added a new incident field to store the highest session login host of a user.

##### New: Exabeam Highest Session Number Of Asset

Added a new incident field to store the number of assets in the highest risk session.

##### New: Exabeam Highest Session Number Of Reasons

Added a new incident field to store the number of reasons in the highest risk session.

##### New: Exabeam Last Activity Time

Added a new incident field to store the last activity time of a user.

##### New: Exabeam Last Activity Type

Added a new incident field to store the type of the last activity of a user.

##### New: Exabeam Past Scores

Added a new incident field to store past risk scores of a user.

##### New: Exabeam Session IDs

Added a new incident field to store the session IDs of a user.
```
